**Version:** 1.0

**Effective Date:** 15 February 2025

Serving the Carolinas and Georgia

<https://www.twistedartistsguild.com>

# Introduction

The Twisted Artists Guild hereby establishes a comprehensive Code of
Conduct aimed at fostering a vibrant and inclusive community where
creativity thrives. This document serves as a guiding framework for all
stakeholders, including members, employees, board members, and vendors,
and is built on four core principles: Openness, Honesty, Compassion, and
Community. Here, we delve into the details of this Code of Conduct,
outlining the expectations and responsibilities of each participant in
our community.

The Twisted Artists Guild is committed to creating an inclusive and
respectful environment for all its stakeholders. The Code of Conduct is
rooted in the principles of Openness, Honesty, Compassion, and
Community, and is designed to foster a supportive and collaborative
atmosphere within the artist sales platform. As a social media platform
with integrated sales capabilities, the Guild takes on the
responsibility of diligently moderating content and interactions to
ensure a safe and engaging space for creativity.

# Mission Statement

*The mission of the Twisted Artists Guild is to cultivate a vibrant
community where creativity flourishes, allowing artists to connect
authentically with their audiences in an inclusive, respectful, and
secure environment.*

# Our Values

The Guild\'s values are fundamental to its operations and interactions:

**Openness**: Encouraging transparent communication, inclusiveness, and
collaboration.

Honesty: Upholding integrity, accountability, and transparency in all
dealings.

**Compassion**: Demonstrating empathy, support, and respect for all
individuals.

**Community**: Actively engaging with and supporting the artist
community through collaboration and shared knowledge.

## Compliance with Laws

All members and affiliates of the Guild are expected to comply with
applicable laws at all levels, in addition to adhering to the
organization\'s policies.

Harm Reduction

The Guild is committed to minimizing potential negative impacts through
open communication, support resources, and encouraging responsible
behavior. This approach aims to promote the well-being and safety of all
members.

# Prohibited Conduct

Certain behaviors are strictly prohibited as they can harm the
community:

Harassment and Discrimination: Unwelcome behavior or unfair treatment
based on protected characteristics.

**Violence and Aggression**: Physically or verbally aggressive behavior
or threats.

Dishonesty: Engaging in fraud, theft, plagiarism, or misrepresentation.

**Misuse of Resources and Property**: Vandalism, unauthorized access, or
inappropriate use of resources.

**Professionalism and Compliance**: Unprofessional behavior, failure to
comply with policies, or conflicts of interest.

**Privacy and Confidentiality**: Unauthorized sharing of confidential
information or inappropriate content.

# Enforcement and Consequences

Violations of the Code of Conduct are addressed promptly. The Guild
reserves the right to take actions including warnings, suspensions,
termination of membership, legal action, and/or divestment to maintain a
safe and supportive environment for all stakeholders.

The Twisted Artists Guild aims to handle all violations fairly and
consistently, ensuring a harmonious and creative community for everyone
involved.

# Embracing Transformation Through Art

At Twisted Artists Guild, we believe in the profound ability of art to
heal, transform, and bring about personal growth. We acknowledge that
individuals may have complex pasts, and we are committed to providing a
supportive platform for those who strive to move forward in an ethical
and respectful manner. With due regard for prior actions or
circumstances, we welcome artists who align with our values of openness,
honesty, compassion, and community. By offering a space where creativity
fosters healing, we empower our members to overcome challenges and
contribute meaningfully to our vibrant community. Together, we celebrate
the journey of transformation through art, affirming that every person
has the potential to inspire and be inspired.

# 
