**Version:** 1.0

**Effective Date:** 15 February 2025

Serving the Carolinas and Georgia

<https://www.twistedartistsguild.com>

# Table of Contents {#table-of-contents .TOC-Heading}

[Mission Statement [3](#mission-statement)](#mission-statement)

[Introduction [3](#introduction)](#introduction)

[Core Principles [3](#core-principles)](#core-principles)

[Expected Behavior [3](#expected-behavior)](#expected-behavior)

[Prohibited Conduct [4](#prohibited-conduct)](#prohibited-conduct)

[Enforcement and Consequences
[5](#enforcement-and-consequences)](#enforcement-and-consequences)

[Acknowledgment [5](#acknowledgment)](#acknowledgment)

#  Mission Statement

\"Fostering a vibrant community where creativity flourishes, and artists
connect authentically with their audiences in an inclusive, respectful,
and secure environment.\"

# Introduction

Welcome to Twisted Artists Guild. We invite public users to engage with
our platform, explore artistic creations, and support our artists. To
ensure a positive and enjoyable experience for everyone, we\'ve
established this Code of Conduct outlining the expectations and
responsibilities for all public users interacting with our platform.

# Core Principles

Our community is built on the principles of Openness, Honesty,
Compassion, and Community. We expect public users to uphold these values
in their interactions.

# Expected Behavior

1.  **Respectful Communication**

    -   Maintain appropriate language at all times. While certain
        expletives may be considered acceptable in specific contexts,
        language deemed insulting or offensive will be subject to
        moderation. Users consistently subject to moderation actions may
        face suspension or termination of their accounts.

    -   Respect the autonomy of artists in setting the tone of their
        work and enforcing their preferences regarding content
        moderation. We uphold the principle of free expression and do
        not impose blanket censorship on terms that may unduly restrict
        creative expression.

    -   Engage in constructive discussions and provide thoughtful
        feedback. Understand that artists are treated as business
        customers of our platform. We aim to enable them to work
        full-time to support their creative passions and still pay their
        bills, suggesting fair prices that earn them a livable wage.
        They cannot work for free exposure, and it\'s rude to ask.

2.  **Fair Transactions**

    -   Honor all purchase commitments made on the platform.

    -   Dispute transactions in our system first. Refrain from
        unauthorized chargebacks or reversing charges without valid
        reasons, as this hurts our business and is typically associated
        with fraud.

    -   Communicate promptly with artists or support if issues arise.

3.  **Positive Engagement**

    -   Support artists by appreciating their work respectfully.

    -   Report any content that violates community guidelines.

4.  **Adherence to Policies**

    -   Follow all platform guidelines and terms of service.

5.  **Copyright**

    -   Respect the copyright of all content published on the website.
        Users are prohibited from reproducing, distributing, or creating
        derivative works from the website content without explicit
        permission from the copyright holder.

6.  **Trademarks**

    -   Any trademarks, logos, or service marks displayed on the website
        are the property of the respective owners. Users are not
        permitted to use these marks without prior consent.

7.  **User-Generated Content**

    -   By submitting content to the website, users grant the website a
        non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, and worldwide license to
        use, reproduce, modify, publish, and distribute such content.

8.  **Attribution**

    -   Provide appropriate credit when sharing or quoting content from
        the website, ensuring that the original authorship is
        acknowledged.

9.  **Infringement Reporting**

    -   Report any suspected intellectual property rights infringements
        encountered on the website.

10. **Set Clear Boundaries**

    -   Respect the intellectual property rights of others by setting
        clear boundaries regarding the use and sharing of their own
        content.

# Prohibited Conduct

1.  **Harassment and Abuse**

    -   Harassment, hate speech, or offensive language is strictly
        prohibited. This includes derogatory comments based on race,
        gender, religion, or any other characteristic.

    -   Asking for free work is rude and subject to warning. Getting mad
        and accosting the other party is subject to an immediate ban.

    -   These rules apply to all communications related to any parties
        related to the guild.

2.  **Fraudulent Activity**

    -   Engaging in fraud, such as unauthorized credit card use or false
        claims, is forbidden.

    -   Reversing charges without valid reasons undermines trust and may
        result in account suspension.

3.  **Spam and Trolling**

    -   Posting irrelevant, repetitive, or disruptive content is not
        allowed.

    -   Intentionally derailing conversations or spreading
        misinformation is prohibited.

4.  **Privacy Violations**

    -   Sharing personal or confidential information about others
        without consent is strictly forbidden.

# Enforcement and Consequences

**Dispute Resolution Process**

Our preferred approach to resolving disputes is to follow our
established dispute resolution process, beginning with a thorough
investigation. We attempt to facilitate a meeting between the parties
involved and report the outcomes to a neutral third party responsible
for negotiating a fair resolution. This structured approach ensures all
parties are heard and resolutions are handled impartially and
effectively.

1.  **Warnings**

    -   Users may receive warnings for minor violations. Continued
        infractions may escalate consequences.

2.  **Suspension or Ban from the Platform**

    -   Temporary Suspension: Users who commit serious or repeated
        violations may face a temporary suspension, restricting access
        to certain site features.

    -   Permanent Ban: For egregious offenses, a permanent ban will be
        enforced, including access denial to all site content and
        resources, revocation of membership benefits, and loss of
        investor eligibility. Measures such as IP bans will be used to
        enforce this.

3.  **Legal Action**

    -   Cease and Desist Letters: Initially issued to demand the
        cessation of prohibited activity.

    -   Account Suspension or Termination: Accompanied by a notification
        detailing the reasons for suspension or termination.

    -   Civil Litigation: Pursued for significant harm or financial
        loss.

    -   Reporting to Authorities: In cases of illegal actions, such as
        fraud or hacking.

    -   Pursuing Damages: For financial losses, reputational damage, or
        legal costs.

    -   Injunctions: Court orders to cease certain activities or take
        specific actions.

    -   Alternative Dispute Resolution: Mediation or arbitration as
        alternatives to court proceedings.

# Acknowledgment

By using the Twisted Artists Guild platform, you agree to abide by this
Code of Conduct and contribute to a positive and respectful community
experience.

**Additional Guidelines**

-   Be Cool About Politics or Personal Crusades: Disagreement is healthy
    when respectful.

-   No Threats of Violence: There will be no threats of violence of any
    sort.

-   Intimacy and Art: The guild supports a connection between artists
    and art lovers without inviting lewdness.

-   Consent Rules: Always ask for consent before sharing personal or
    provocative content.

-   Identity Protection: Legal names are required for financial reasons,
    but pseudonyms are supported for privacy.

**Immediate Bans and/or Ejections from our Platform**

-   Unsolicited lewd pictures and aggressive sexual harassment.

-   Threats of violence or stalking behaviors.

-   Non-consensual physical touching.

-   Continued harassment after boundaries have been set.

-   Any violation of the applicable Code of Conduct can result in an
    immediate ban.

**Available Punishments for the General Public**

-   Social break/ban, site break/ban, loss of privileges, or expulsion.

-   Egregious illegal actions may require reporting to authorities.

**What the Public May Expect from the Guild**

-   Fair Treatment: The guild stands behind its sales agreements,
    ensuring customer satisfaction through replacements or refunds if
    necessary.

-   Amazing Customer Service: We ensure timely delivery of purchased
    items and assist artists in managing their inventory.

-   Ability to Report Issues: Users can report egregious content or
    problems for review, and action will be taken to maintain community
    integrity.

Note: The guild respects the creative rights of its artist members and
does not exercise editorial control over their work. Content labeled as
adult-only may include any theme, but artists are required to identify
deep topics as potential triggers. Public users will see a warning
before they opt-in to view the picture, and can permanently opt-in in
their settings.
