**Version:** 1.0

**Effective Date:** 15 February 2025

Serving the Carolinas and Georgia

<https://www.twistedartistsguild.com>

# Mission Statement

*\"Fostering a vibrant community where creativity flourishes, and
artists connect authentically with their audiences in an inclusive,
respectful, and secure environment.\"*

# Introduction

**This document outlines the expected behaviors and prohibited actions
for employees and vendors of our organization, designed to ensure a
safe, respectful, and compliant environment for all parties involved.
This Code of Conduct will be included in vendor contracts as part of a
Base Services Agreement (BSA).**

# Priority Policies

**No Retaliation**

**Employees and vendors can report issues without fear of retaliation.
Reports can be made anonymously.**

**Substance Abuse Policy**

**Substance abuse is strictly prohibited. Employees are expected to
arrive at work sober and represent both themselves and the company
professionally. Issues stemming from suspected substance abuse will be
addressed through a harm-reduction approach. Although we reserve the
right to terminate employment solely due to substance abuse issues, our
primary aim is to support employees during crises rather than exacerbate
their challenges with job insecurity.**

**Safe Workplace**

**Violence, harassment, and discrimination are not tolerated. Violations
can lead to immediate dismissal.**

**Conflicts of Interest**

**Avoid situations where personal interests' conflict with
organizational interests. Disclose any potential conflicts.**

**Gifts and Entertainment**

**Accepting significant gifts or entertainment from business partners is
not allowed as it may create conflict of interest.**

# Prohibited Actions

**Abuse of Authority**

**Exploiting your position for unethical purposes is prohibited. Fair
treatment of all members and employees is required.**

**Negligence**

**Failure to perform duties responsibly may lead to disciplinary actions
or removal from position.**

**Financial Misconduct**

**Falsification of financial records or interference with audits is
strictly prohibited.**

**Fiduciary Commitments**

**Duty of Care**

**Perform duties diligently, competently, and responsibly. Stay informed
about organizational matters and industry developments.**

**Duty of Loyalty**

**Prioritize the organization\'s interests above personal or external
interests. Disclose any conflicts of interest promptly.**

**Confidentiality**

**Protect sensitive information, including financial data, member
information, and strategic plans. Avoid unauthorized disclosure of
proprietary information.**

# Enforcement and Consequences

-   **Internal Review: Allegations of misconduct will be investigated
    promptly and confidentially.**

-   **Disciplinary Measures: May include warnings, suspension, or
    termination.**

-   **Legal Action: Serious violations may result in civil or criminal
    proceedings.**

# Conclusion

**We rely on each individual\'s good judgment to uphold this Code of
Conduct. If you are unsure about any aspect, consult with your manager
or the Ethics & Compliance team.**
