**Version:** 1.0

**Effective Date:** 15 February 2025

Serving the Carolinas and Georgia

<https://www.twistedartistsguild.com>

**Art Pricing Policy for Platform Artists**

**Introduction**

Pricing art and services effectively is crucial for the success of
artists on our platform. Proper pricing not only ensures artists are
fairly compensated but also aligns with our platform\'s goal of offering
competitive and attractive options to customers. This policy provides a
comprehensive guide to pricing art and services, incorporating best
practices and strategic considerations.

**1. Understanding the Components of Pricing**

To develop a robust pricing strategy, artists must consider several key
components:

-   **Art Materials**: This includes all necessary tools and supplies
    used to create the artwork.

-   **Labor**: This accounts for the artist\'s hourly wage as well as
    any wages paid to employees or contractors.

-   **Business Expenses**: These are the overhead costs associated with
    running an art business, such as rent, utilities, phone, internet,
    and security.

-   **Additional Markup**: A recommended 20% markup on the sum of
    materials, labor, and business expenses to account for unforeseen
    costs and ensure profitability.

**2. Calculating Wholesale and Retail Prices**

Once the basic costs are identified, artists should calculate their
wholesale and retail prices as follows:

-   **Wholesale Price**: This is the price offered to galleries or
    retail stores and is calculated by adding art materials, labor,
    business expenses, and additional markup.

-   **Retail Price**: This is the final price to customers on the
    platform, calculated by doubling the wholesale price .

**3. Incorporating Shipping and Additional Expenses**

To maintain our platform\'s competitive edge, all prices must include
shipping and additional expenses. This allows us to advertise free
shipping on all products, enhancing customer appeal. Artists should:

-   Factor shipping costs into the retail price.

-   Include any other expenses that may arise during the sale process.

**4. Offering Discounts for In-Person Pickups**

To encourage in-person interactions and reduce shipping costs, artists
should offer a discount for items picked up directly by customers. This
discount should reflect the savings from not having to ship the product.

**5. Pricing for Profit**

Understanding the importance of profit is vital for sustaining an art
business. Artists should aim to ensure that their pricing strategy:

-   Covers all costs and expenses.

-   Provides a reasonable profit margin.

-   Allows for flexibility in offering promotions or discounts without
    jeopardizing profitability .

**6. Continuous Evaluation and Adjustment**

The art market is dynamic, and pricing strategies should be regularly
reviewed and adjusted based on:

-   Changes in material costs or business expenses.

-   Market trends and customer demand.

-   Feedback from customers and galleries.

**Conclusion**

By adhering to this pricing policy, artists can ensure their work is
competitively priced while maintaining profitability. This approach not
only benefits the artists but also enhances the overall customer
experience on our platform. For more detailed insights on pricing
strategies, artists are encouraged to explore additional resources, such
as the comprehensive guides available at and .

This policy aims to empower artists with the knowledge and tools
necessary to price their art effectively, ensuring a sustainable and
successful art business on our platform.
