**Version:** 1.0

**Effective Date:** 15 February 2025

Serving the Carolinas and Georgia

<https://www.twistedartistsguild.com>

# Introduction

Welcome to Twisted Artists Guild! By accessing or using our website, you
agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions.
Our platform, established in Delaware, operates as a social media site
and marketplace for both physical and digital art, connecting artists
with their audiences.

# Acceptance of Terms

By using our platform, you agree to adhere to our Code of Conduct,
Privacy Policy, and Refunds and Dispute Resolution Policy, all of which
can be found on our website. If you do not agree to these terms, please
refrain from using our services.

# Description of Service

Twisted Artists Guild is a cloud platform for artists to display and
sell their artwork. Users can browse, purchase, and enjoy art from
independent artists, fostering a community where creativity flourishes.

# User Accounts

To access certain features, you will need to create an account. You are
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account
information and for all activities that occur under your account.

# Purchases and Payments

Users may purchase art directly from artists through our platform.
Payment information will be collected and processed securely. Please
ensure that your billing and shipping information is accurate.

# Data Collection

We collect personal data such as name, email, billing and shipping
addresses, and payment information. We also collect non-personal data,
including web cookies, content preferences, and art preferences. For
more details, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

**Intellectual Property Rights**

All content on Twisted Artists Guild, including text, graphics, and
logos, is the property of Twisted Artists Guild or its content suppliers
and is protected by copyright and other laws. Users are prohibited from
reproducing, distributing, or creating derivative works from the website
content without explicit permission from the copyright holder.

# User Conduct

Users agree not to engage in any activity that disrupts or interferes
with our services. This includes but is not limited to uploading harmful
content, infringing on intellectual property rights, or violating any
applicable laws.

# Governing Law

These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of the State of
Delaware, United States. Any legal actions or proceedings shall be
brought exclusively in the courts of Delaware.

# Changes to Terms

We may update these Terms of Service from time to time. Any changes will
be posted on our website, and users are bound by the terms in effect at
the time of their actions. An archive of previous terms will be
maintained.

# No License to Use Content for AI Training

Users are expressly prohibited from using any images, artwork, or visual
content available on our platform for the purpose of training, testing,
or developing artificial intelligence tools or technologies. This
includes, but is not limited to, machine learning algorithms, neural
networks, and any other form of AI-assisted software or applications.

By accessing or using our platform, you agree not to:

-   Download, copy, or otherwise extract images from our website for use
    in AI development or training datasets.

-   Use any automated tools, scripts, or software to collect images from
    our platform for the purpose of AI-related projects.

-   Share, distribute, or make available any images obtained from our
    platform with third parties for AI tool development.

Any violation of this section will be considered a breach of these Terms
of Service and may result in the immediate suspension or termination of
your account, as well as potential legal action.

For any questions or concerns, please contact us at \[contact
information\].

Thank you for using Twisted Artists Guild! Enjoy your experience.
